docs: added documentation for django (#560)
GoogleCloudPlatform/pgadapter: README.md

3. `pgx`: Version 4.15 and higher are supported. See [pgx support](docs/pgx.md) for more details.
4. `psycopg2`: Version 2.9.3 and higher (but not `psycopg3`) are supported. See [psycopg2](docs/psycopg2.md) for more details.
5. `node-postgres`: Version 8.8.0 and higher are supported. See [node-postgres support](docs/node-postgres.md) for more details.

> 6. `django`: Version 4.1.1 and higher are supported. See [django support](docs/django.md) for more details

Reviewer: Move this down to the 'Frameworks' section, as django is not a driver, but an ORM.

Also change the text to something like:
```suggestion
6. `django`: Version 4.1.1 and higher have experimental support. See [django support](docs/django.md) for more details. See also [this directory](samples/python/django) for a sample application using `django`.
```
